["Q) Where to apply for the internship?"

,"Q) Is there any group for updates/information?"

,"Q) When the internship is going to start?"

,"Q) What is the difference in 6,8,12 weeks internships?"

,"Q) Will there be offer letters and certificates?"

,"Q) What are various domains for internship?"

,"Q) Will participants get any help during the project?"

,"Q) When participants will get the appointment letter?"

,"Q) What is successful completion of internship?"

,"Q) Can participants intern in more than one domain simultaneously?"

,"Q) Will participants be able to choose/change the domain & duration for internship?"

,"Q) Internship will be paid or free?"

,"Q) What is the eligibility or selection criteria for participating in this internship?"

,"Q) Can graduates and freshers apply for this internship?"

,"Q) What are the timings for internship ?"

,"Q) Do we require laptop specifically for the projects?"

,"Q) How to choose the domain?"

,"Q) Will data be provided for data analytics internship?"

,"Q) What is Industry- Academia Community (IAC)?"

,"Q) What are the benefits of being part of IAC?"

,"Q) Do I need to pay any fees to be a part of this community?"

,"Q) Do I need to participate in all the activities?" 

,"Q) How many hours of work are expected from me?"

,"Q) Is it necessary to become a member of Industry-Academia Community to avail the benefits?"

,"Q) I am not able to view a page/ I am logged in the training and still the website asks me to login"

,"Q) I am having trouble finding the workgroup ( no workgroup is visible)"

,"Q) I am not added into my technology workgroup./ actually there are n no of tokens and every token I entered it is showing user no found or redirecting to the same page"

,"Q) When does the LP1/ LP2/ LP3 begin dates and deadline/ end date?"

,"Q) What happens in LP2? What kind of training can we expect? Is it a Basic/Advance level?"

,"Q) What happens in LP3?What kind of training can we expect?Is it a Basic/Advance level?"

,"Q) What to do after LP3?"

,"Q) Can we skip any training if we are already clear with the basics?"

,"Q) Is it ok to clock-out before an hour is completed if the tasks are completed? Do we need to clock-in and compulsorily complete 7 hours a week even if the tasks are completed?"

,"Q) Resource links not working. What to do? Should we skip?"

,"Q) What to do when our university exams start?"

,"Q) Is it okay to mention this internship as ongoing for college records?"

,"Q) Can we do another internship with IP?"

,"Q) What to do after Live Projects? Are we getting an offer letter/Stipend?"

,"Q) When will we get a joining letter?" 

,"Q) When will we get an internship completion letter?"

,"Q) What will be the projects in AI/ ML/ etc. technologies in LP3/ Live Projects?" 

,"Q) Not able to see the task as not part of the IP workgroup"

,"Q) Live Project/ LP3 has to be submitted individually or it will be a group project?" 

,"Q) How can we check our weekly hours?" 

,"Q) Is it necessary to attend LP1 for other domains as well if we want to take its training"

,"Q) Why only this training for LP2?"

,"Q) Could I have done this training from other websites/ resources?"

,"Q) Can I do certification for the training provided in LP2?" 

,"Q) The videos of LP2 are taking too much time to load"

,"Q) Are LP1/ LP2/ LP3 a part of the Live Project?"

,"Q) Will these training be enough for us to complete the LP3 and Live Project"

,"Q) How do I access my Quiz?"

,"Q) By when will we receive access to Bitrix24?"

,"Q) Can my friends still apply for the Internship Program (IP) - Maharashtra? Can we create awareness about this internship?Can we be the representative for Cloud Counselage in our college?"

,"Q) Is the induction online or offline?"

,"Q) I am trying to complete social media tasks. I completed that day and clicked finish but it didn't show finished in the task menu. What should I do?"

,"Q) My Efficiency is 0% what should I do?"

,"Q) Will you provide mentorship or doubt clearing sessions in this internship?"

,"Q) Problem statements of the Live Project will be chosen by the intern or will be provided by Cloud Counselage?"

,"Q) Can we be a part of your future development team?/ Can we be hired by Cloud Counselage after this internship?" 

,"Q) Can we visit the office? How many times do we have to visit the office for this internship?"

,"Q) Can we extend this internship?" 

,"Q) If we are working on more than one technology, are those technologies added to the certificate?" 

,"Q) Will Live Projects have only one technology or a mixture of technologies?"

,"Q) I forgot to clock in for a few days, will this affect my internship?"

,"Q) Will I get LP3 and Live project of technology other than what I am selected for?"

,"Q) I have not been added to the technology I preferred to work on?" 

,"Q) What are the company policies for IP interns?"

,"Q) I have not got the acknowledgment from you regarding the weekly report"

,"Q) In my work time I can see one exclamation mark?/ What does the remaining time mean?"

,"Q) I could not attend the induction last time, can I get an online induction again?/ I want some points said in the introduction, where can I get them."

,"Q) Can I just finish the task that you have just uploaded as I have attended the live induction session on 22nd of march"

,"Q) I have got another attachment called ‘noname’ or ‘win.dat’ with my Appointment letter, what should I do about it? Will it cause any harm?"

,"Q) Where do we push the code in LP3?"

,"Q) Where should we share our hacker rank id/ where should we share the link/ anything relate to LP3 assignment submission?"

,"Q) When will my review on social media update task be done?"

,"Q) Live project's use case will be provided or can we have our own use case?"

,"Q) Is it necessary to clock-in if I am done with my tasks?"

,"Q) Can we be online after 1 hr in a day?"

,"Q)  I am stuck in LP3/ Live project with a technical issue, Is there any technical person who can help in this?"

,"Q)One of my friends had applied for the IP but she didn't receive any further updates."

,"Q) I have a Query with respect to LP3, what should I do and whom should I ask?"

,"Q) I didn't get my appointment letter yet."

,"Q) For some reason, I'm unable to download my LP3 assignment problem statement document shared on LP3 page, is there any other way I can get it?"

,"Q) If my technology is IOT/ AI/ ML/ etc., do I still have to complete the mandatory training for LP1 'Cloud Computing'?"

,"Q)When will the step 3 of the internship program start?"

,"Q) I  am getting an error:: Exception: SQLSTATE[HY000]: General error: 1 no such table: layout, what should I do?"
]

